[CAS-1425] Events handler iteration (#2588)
GetStream/stream-chat-android: CHANGELOG.md

  They can be used together for changing send button icon based on current input mode. See [docs](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/sdk/android/ui/components/message-input#changing-send-message-button) for more details.

### ⚠️ Changed

> - 🚨 Breaking change: Now you have to pass an instance of `ChatEventHandler` to `ChannelListViewModelFactory` that will be user to instantiate `MessageListViewModel`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🚨 Breaking change: Now you have to pass an instance of `ChatEventHandler` to `ChannelListViewModelFactory` that will be used to instantiate `ChannelListViewModel`.
```
